[tense music]
♪♪
Peter Irvine. I have your son.
If this is a prank call.
I swear to God...
It's not a prank.
You tell anybody about this.
you never find out what
happens to your son.
He just won't ever come home.
You need to get
some cash together.
You had a gambling problem.
I went into business with you.
You're so grateful.
-I am grateful.
There's a trust I manage.
Let's use the funds from there
to replenish
the Philips account.
-Whose trust is it?
-Lia Irvine.
Hey. Col.
Hey.
My sister's unpredictable.
She's sweet and she's fun.
and then there's a mess
to clean up.
Brian was. uh.
not born disabled.
There was an accident.
and it was Lia's fault.
He can't communicate with us.
Case.
You're a great mom.
He loves you to pieces.
I'm here to pick up
my son. Milo.
[chuckling] I think
you've got the wrong house.
Oh. uh...
I didn't know
if you'd want to see me.
Must bring up awful memories.
-[sobs softly]
Ana and Carrie were friends.
I do know Carrie Finch.
She wanted to know what
kinds of food Milo likes
and his bedtime routine.
-What happened. Ana?
-She was with someone.
Now I think that
she wanted them to meet Milo.
How well do you remember
the Chicago Marathon?
It was the day that
this man met Milo.
What happened?
Did he do something to Milo?
Did he hurt Milo?
So after you tag
marathon. running.
Chicago. stuff like that.
and then you run
a facial recognition software
for both Milo and Carrie.
then this is what you get.
Who are you?
Local authorities
have reiterated
the importance
of coordinated efforts
and praised volunteers
for their dedication
and cooperation.
If you have any information
that may assist
in locating Milo. please
contact local authorities.
[suspenseful music]
[air brakes hiss]
♪♪
[car chimes]
[radio playing indistinctly]
[bell chimes]
♪♪
[scanner beeps]
It's open.
Do you want a new one?
[scanner beeps]
♪♪
I said do you want a new one?
Uh. no.
No. it's. uh... it's good.
[plastic bag rustling]
[sighs] 8.29.
♪♪
[cash register beeps]
[exhales deeply]
♪♪
I'm tired.
Oh. I know.
I'll get you back to
your bed soon. OK?
My real bed or my vacation bed?
Vacation bed.
You like it. right?
Yeah.
We'll get back to
the vacation house real soon.
But first we need to do
one quick thing. OK?
Just you and me.
Why not Carrie?
Remember? I told you?
Carrie has to hide whenever
she can 'cause she's famous.
♪♪
Are you famous?
No.
Because you can't have
two famous people. Milo.
[tense dramatic music]
♪♪
That would be a problem.
[birds singing]
I looked at the website
again. Jim.
Yeah.
He'd be with kids
with the same diagnosis.
He'd have his own aide all day.
One person to take him
to the bathroom.
Or help him with his meals.
or...
-Take him to the pool.
Because they have
their own pool.
I hate how much I want it.
I hate thinking about
how much more he could develop
if he just... just had help.
Honey. I want it too.
But they only have one spot.
It's a lottery.
For someone's future.
It's... it's so wrong.
It's so wrong.
[soft somber music]
♪♪
You know what I thought of
the other day?
What?
Sam's never gonna be an asshole.
Of course
he won't be an asshole.
Well. no. no.
OK. just think of all the
assholes in the world. right?
-[scoffing laugh]
-No. like...
just. like. everyday people
you don't want to be around.
Yeah.
-Those assholes...
-Mm-hmm.
They have parents.
-[chuckling] Yeah. I know.
-Right?
OK.
And so would you rather
have an asshole like that
as your grown-up kid?
You know. somebody who's married
and has a job
and all that normal stuff?
Or would you rather
have...
-Sam?
♪♪
Yeah. Sam.
Look. I know he's never
gonna live independently.
and maybe he doesn't do math.
but he's never gonna be someone
you don't want to be around.
[softly] Oh.
♪♪
And he's always good for a hug.
We're lucky.
-We're lucky.
[peaceful music]
♪♪
I'd still do anything
to get him into St. Mark's.
Anything.
Me too.
I'm applying
for a new villain loan.
Go by the name of Vector.
We ran facial recognition
on the guy.
From the marathon?
Yeah.
and we didn't get any hits.
There was a shadow
from the hoodie.
-I'm sorry.
-Yeah.
And we don't have. uh.
an ID on the nanny yet.
No ransom demand to work off
of. and we're on day four.
You gonna release
the picture to the public?
We've still got one more
Hail Mary.
After that. I don't know.
I mean. if we put his
picture out there...
Well. then he'll know
you're looking for him.
Yeah. exactly.
[dishes clattering]
[indistinct chatter on tablet]
You think he could be violent?
Uh...
I think even good people can do
bad things if they're pushed.
[indistinct chatter on tablet]
Sam the man. can you point?
Which one?
[vocalizes]
Couldn't agree with you more.
Green ones are gross.
Ugh!
Hey. you'll make the
right call on the picture.
'Cause you always
make the right call.
Thank you.
Hey. sweet boy.
Daddy's gonna look
after you today. OK?
You be good for him. OK?
-OK.
-OK. OK.
Let me see.
-Ooh.
-What is that one?
I'm applying
for a new villain loan.
Go by the name of...
both: Vector.
[Weezer's "Happy Together"]
♪ The only one for me is you ♪
♪ And you for me ♪
♪ So happy together ♪
♪ I can't see me
loving nobody but you ♪
♪ For all my life ♪
[phone chimes]
-[laughing]
[Sammy vocalizes]
Hey. Sammy boy. do you
know what a Hail Mary is?
-Yes.
-It's my last big chance. OK?
You ready?
-Yeah.
OK. Ring. ring.
Ring. ring. [vocalizing]
♪♪
[Sammy chuckles]
Here you go. here you go. Yes.
[vocalizes]
[computer chiming]
[phone ringing]
-OK.
Hi.
Hello. Ms. Kaminski.
Thank you for agreeing
to talk to me so early.
Yeah. of course. [sighs]
You and your husband
didn't recognize the man
from the picture.
but. uh. Jacob might.
Uh. you know.
Carrie was his nanny.
and it could be
that he saw Carrie
and that man together
at some point.
Could I get your permission
to show him a picture
and ask him a few questions?
Oh. of course. yeah.
Jacob. can you come
here for a minute?
[vocalizes]
Come here.
Wait. wait. wait.
This is the man that's
helping to find Milo.
Is it OK if he asks you
a few questions?
Can I show him my letters?
[chuckles]
OK. Yeah. but real quick.
He. um. wants to
show you his letters.
He's learning to write.
Oh. yeah. no.
I definitely want to see that.
Ooh. wow.
You are so good. Jacob.
Well done. buddy.
-What do you say?
-Thank you.
No. no. I mean it. Jacob.
You're really good at letters.
Do you have a good memory. too?
Yeah.
Mm. good.
So I'm gonna show you
a picture of a man.
and I want you to tell me
if you recognize him.
OK.
[notification chimes]
[soft suspenseful music]
♪♪
Do you recognize the man
in the picture?
Mm-mm.
♪♪
It's all right. buddy.
Thank you for looking.
I. uh... I'll keep you updated.
Ms. Kaminski.
Thank you.
[suspenseful music fading]
[vocalizes]
You want an airplane?
OK. you ready?
[imitating engine]
Oh. there's turbulence!
OK. we're back now.
Oh!
-[laughs]
[seagulls cawing]
[laughter] [phone ringing]
Oh. oh. oh. oh. Hey. OK. hey.
I... I need you to be really
quiet for this one. OK?
Ring. ring.
Here.
Go. go. go. go.
[shouts]
Hello. Ms. Irvine.
Oh. hi.
Uh. are there any updates on...
on... on that man?
Uh. no one in
the Kaminski family
recognizes the man. unfortunately.
Uh. I think our next best bet
is to run his picture
in the press.
[tense somber music]
And. uh. ask the public to
come forward with information.
But. uh.
if he sees his
picture everywhere.
and...
and he has Milo. then...
you know. I...
I think it was different
with... with... with Carrie.
because she's a woman.
and... and we at least know
she took good care of Jacob.
Yeah. no. I understand.
But if this man has Milo
and he sees his face
on the news and...
and panics...
[grunts]
Oh. I'm... I'm... I'm...
I'm sorry.
I'm... I'm...
I'm sorry. Ms. Irvine.
[grunts]
♪♪
[grunting and laughing]
-Uh...
-Stop.
Do... do you think
this is the right thing to do?
Y-yes. I do.
♪♪
OK.
OK. I. uh. I-I trust you.
Thank you.
♪♪
[both blowing raspberries]
[peaceful music]
♪♪
[laughter and chatter]
[blows raspberry]
♪♪
And your jacket now.
OK. we'll go in there.
-Now?
-Yeah.
-[vocalizes]
♪♪
Hey.
Hey. can I tell you something?
OK.
That you're a good kid
and I love you very much.
Yeah!
Now get out of here.
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪
[smashing and crunching]
-Hey. Hey.
Paul. Honey.
[yells]
♪♪
Oh. hey. Rick.
Good to hear from you.
Is this about
the school lottery?
Has Sam gotten in?
No. not exactly.
You know I had to step off
the applicant committee.
Yeah.
I know you.
I know Casey and Sam.
I-I'd be biased.
Of course.
No. no. no. no. it... it...
totally understood.
It was just a joke.
I was just joking.
[sighs] Look. there's
a lot of applicants this year.
There's only one
reduced tuition spot.
and I know how bad you
and Casey want this for Sam.
Yeah. yeah.
[sighs] I'm just gonna say it.
The associate dean here.
his son was arrested
at a party last night.
Possession of a controlled substance.
Xanax?
-How'd you know?
-'Cause he's a rich kid.
They all steal their mom's Xanax
and then they
take it to parties.
Tell him I said he's got
nothing to worry about. OK?
He'll do drug treatment
and community service.
and then he can get it
expunged off his record
if he's clean for a year.
But he's applying
for colleges in the fall.
It won't be expunged by then.
Well. no.
because he got caught
with a controlled substance.
That's how the law works.
Don't you guys. like. have
to prove that it's Xanax?
I saw some documentary
where you...
where you send it away to a lab
to get...
Yeah. send it to the lab
for testing.
We do it for every drug charge.
Has it been sent off yet?
Probably not for a week or two.
Why?
He told the officers
that it was Tylenol.
that he was just carrying it
around in a prescription bottle
to look cool at the party.
But they didn't believe him.
Probably because it wasn't true.
What if it was Tylenol?
I'm not that guy.
It would get Sam
into St. Mark's.
Wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
Let me make sure I understand
what's on the table here.
I risk my career to give a rich
kid another advantage in life.
and in exchange.
my kid gets his basic
educational needs met?
And this deal is coming
from a man with the power
to help a dozen kids.
maybe more.
But instead. he offers one spot
to lower-income kids.
One spot.
[tense orchestral music]
Fuck it.
Fuck him.
I'm not that guy. pal.
Answer's no.
[school bell rings]
♪♪
[sighs]
[engine turns over]
Breaking news.
The police have released
a photo of a man
they are calling
a person of interest
in the kidnapping...
A new development in the
kidnapping of Milo Irvine.
Police have released a photo
of a person of interest
earlier today.
What this guy
brings out of his...
This guy's face
is everywhere now.
I mean. he can't go anywhere.
If Milo isn't found.
there will be backlash.
To find Milo. it's a good idea.
I mean. if you want
to catch a criminal.
you have to think like them.
[overlapping chatter]
-We want to find Milo.
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
Vehicle forensics came
in on the nanny car.
-And?
-There's nothing useful.
There's prints from the dad.
the mom. the kid.
We can identify all of them.
There's several prints
from other adults.
just no way to know
which are hers.
So the car was used
by other people?
Yeah. unfortunately.
And it's opened up
at this school drive-through.
passenger's side.
by whoever's
getting the kids out.
So there's lots of prints
through the school.
How did we do
at the milkshake shop?
Interviewed four staff members.
Two of them say
they recognized the nannies.
that they stood
in line together.
but they didn't notice
anything else about them.
Said they talked.
Mm.
Anything on our marathon man?
There's a lot of calls.
but nothing that's been flagged
for us yet other than
lots of people still thinking
the whole thing was staged.
Detectives.
think there's someone here
you should talk to.
[indistinct radio chatter]
♪♪
[door opens]
OK. ma'am. I know
you've spoken to officers
a few different times.
Please allow me to catch up.
So you live
1800 Crescent Hollow Road?
Yes.
The same address that
Marissa Irvine was sent to
the day her child was kidnapped?
Yes.
And now you're saying you
know the man from the marathon?
His name is Kyle Smit.
I was his foster mother
for a little over a year.
What got Kyle into
the foster system?
He never had parents
to speak of.
There was an aunt.
but she overdosed.
Oxy. Kyle's from South Shore.
That drug has just destroyed
the whole neighborhood.
Kyle was 16. still a minor.
He was placed with me.
How'd that go?
I loved having him.
And I think he was happy
with me. too.
He enrolled in a GED program.
graduated high school.
I have a picture of that day.
[sighs]
What more can you tell us
about Kyle?
He was a little skittish
by nature.
Otherwise. he was mostly quiet.
And kind.
I don't believe he would
be involved in a kidnapping.
It just doesn't make sense.
Did Kyle have a girlfriend?
Never that I knew of. no.
Do you and Kyle
still keep in touch?
He turned 18 and wasn't
in the foster system anymore.
He went and stayed with a friend
from his old neighborhood
while he looked for work.
And he got a job. too.
Oh. Doing what?
Construction.
Hmm.
And he was so nervous.
[chuckles]
He wasn't practical by nature.
He called me on his first day
on his way in.
He had to take a few buses
to get there
and we talked the whole way
till he felt better.
[sighs]
But it doesn't mean anything
at the end of the day. does it?
High school diploma
and a job. sure. but
still can't live off
what they pay you.
Last I heard. he was arrested
for selling OxyContin.
Judge gave him six years.
Ma'am. have you seen
this picture in the news?
Yes.
I know she's suspected of
taking that little boy. Milo.
Do you know her?
No.
Has she ever come to visit Kyle?
♪♪
No.
Did Kyle ever mention
anyone named Carrie?
Caroline?
I'm sorry. no.
[suspenseful music]
OK.
♪♪
So ma'am. you say
you don't believe Kyle
was involved in the kidnapping.
I don't.
Even though Kyle and
the kidnapper are connected.
we have pictures
of them together.
and you just described Kyle
as a young man
without any money or legitimate
prospects for making money.
And of all addresses
in all of Chicago.
the very wealthy Marissa Irvine
gets sent to your home
on the day of the kidnapping.
the home where Kyle Smit
lived for over a year.
And you honestly believe
that this is all a coincidence?
♪♪
We have a name.
Kyle Daniel Smit.
The address
Marissa Irvine was texted
on the day of the kidnapping
belongs to Kyle Smit's
former foster mother.
pointing to him as more than
just an acquaintance
of Carrie Finch.
We're now looking
at his potential involvement
in Milo's abduction.
All right. let's pull
everything we can on Kyle.
Let's start with
the driver's license.
I got it here.
State of Illinois.
Expired?
-No. Record's clean.
-OK.
Check in with Hertz
and Enterprise and all of them
and see if
he's rented a car recently.
If so. I want the make. model.
and plate
and any GPS data they have.
After that. credit checks.
How has he spent his money?
Has he rented an apartment?
If he's using an ATM
in the last month.
I want the banking information
and CCTV with it.
We're gonna get pushback
on all those requests.
Unless we're getting a warrant.
Prison file's right here.
What do we need to know?
Uh. drug offense.
like the foster mom said.
Not a single visitor until
a week before his release.
Visitor was Caroline Finch.
OK. Kyle Smit is no longer
a person of interest.
He is now a suspect.
Get that warrant.
I'll get the paperwork
going for the judge.
A prison visit
right before his release.
Carrie's already
working for the Kaminski family
and getting closer
to making her move on Milo.
Let's talk to Kyle's cellmate.
see what he said
after Carrie left that day.
[dramatic music]
[buzzer blares]
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
I started my time here
about a year ago.
They put me in with Kyle
and I shared a cell with him
right up until his release.
Did you guys get along?
Yes. sir. Yeah.
I mean. Kyle was quiet.
It wasn't easy
to get to know him.
But. um. he broke down
eventually. started talking.
What did you guys talk about?
Construction. mostly.
We both worked in that.
Kyle was a drywall installer
before he came here.
Is that what you did?
No. sir.
No. I was with. uh.
Secure Builders
up in Crestline there
from 2017 to 2023.
You know. I was a foreman
and I just worked my way up
to project manager.
[sighs softly]
They're real good people there.
Good people.
Did Kyle ever talk
about a girlfriend?
[scoffs]
Most of these guys.
they talk about a girlfriend.
And she is always real pretty.
but never shows up
on visiting day. you know?
[chuckles]
Well. did Kyle ever
talk about a girlfriend
that you thought was real?
No.
People like Kyle and me.
we know there's nothing
on the outside anymore.
For us.
it's best not
to talk about that.
Was one girl. though.
She came to visit.
The only reason I remember.
she was the only one.
It was like a week
before he got out.
But I don't know.
He didn't act like it was
his girlfriend or anything.
What did he act like?
He was just...
quiet for a few days.
[soft suspenseful music]
I thought it was. like.
his sister. cousin.
something like that.
♪♪
Bad family news.
Uh. you know.
I was just guessing.
Did you see her?
The girl that visited Kyle?
No. sir.
Was it that nanny?
Why do you ask that?
We all seen the news.
Seen the picture.
It's not hard to put
the pieces together.
The woman who visited
Kyle Smit was the nanny. yes.
Carrie Finch.
Though that's not her real name.
All right. pretend you're me
and you want to find Kyle Smit
right now.
Where's the first place
you would look?
Well. usually
I'd say with his dealer.
but. uh. Kyle only sold stuff.
so...
I'd say your best bet's
his old neighborhood.
Nobody there is gonna want
to talk to the cops.
but I'd still try.
Kyle's only relative
from South Shore is long gone.
Do you really think
he'd go back there still?
Seeing his face on TV. you know.
if he knows he's in trouble.
probably just run back
to his old neighborhood.
Might be all he has left.
♪♪
Hey. thank you.
You're welcome.
♪♪
You bring that boy home
to his mama.
Yes. sir.
♪♪
[buzzer blares]
OK. so she visits him
a week before his release.
Doesn't sound like
it was a happy visit.
How do we think they met?
Well. she could have met him
while he was serving time.
What. like through letters?
Yeah. I doubt that. too.
If they knew each other
from before he went in.
it was when Kyle was
living in South Shore.
So it stands to reason
Carrie's from there. too.
Well. officers
found yearbooks from Kyle.
grade school on up.
There's no picture
of anyone who resembles Carrie.
even looking up and down
a few grades.
OK. what was Kyle doing
in South Shore besides school?
Where could he meet somebody?
Work. Construction.
There's not a lot
of young girls in drywall.
[buzzer blares]
-[chuckles]
That doesn't mean
her dad's not a drywaller.
♪♪
There's. like. 15 drywall
places in South Shore.
We can send officers out
to all of them now if you want.
I mean. suits are hard enough
in a place like South Shore.
Uniforms are dead in the water.
Let's see
if we can narrow it down.
The aunt who ODed...
what's that address?
That's. uh.
South Bennett Avenue.
OK. The foster mom said when
Kyle turned 18. he left her.
then went back to live
with his old friends.
That's got to be
near South Bennett.
There's. like.
four or five drywalling places
around South Bennett.
Yeah. but we want to look away
from South Bennett. remember?
Because the foster mom
said that Kyle called her
on his commute.
He had a few bus rides.
So if we're starting off
in South Bennett.
what's a drywall place
a few busses out?
Uh...
I got two.
Well. he was arrested in 2019.
Any chance one of them was
around before then?
[wind whistling]
You got it.
Let's go.
[tense music]
♪♪
[train rumbling]
[saw buzzing]
♪♪
You know. I'm starting
to think people around here
don't like talking to cops.
Yeah. but someone's gonna
want to catch the bus home.
They'll probably be alone and
we could try them again then.
So we'll just wait.
[grinding and clanging]
Sam's school call?
No. we're good.
Hey. sorry we're out here
with two cars. you know?
It's no big deal.
It's just if they do call.
you know...
That's how Sam days work. man.
You and Casey trade off.
I get it.
[diesel engine rumbling]
You sleeping?
No. You?
Eh. so-so.
-Huh.
-[sighs]
[seagulls squawking]
I... I saw this thing. and
I can't stop thinking about it.
It's like a...
a loop in my head. you know?
Like OCD. you know?
I saw this documentary
on old sanatoriums.
And back then.
anyone with a mental disorder.
they'd just throw you in.
tie you up. drug you. shock you.
Like. all that stuff.
I already knew. you know?
[soft dramatic music]
[sighs]
But then I saw this. uh...
you know. they showed this room
with cribs. but like. big cribs.
♪♪
For. like.
six- and seven-year-olds.
♪♪
And the cribs had tops.
And the tops locked. you know.
And that's where they put
the kids who couldn't talk.
♪♪
Like. that. I. uh...
I didn't know that part.
you know?
[sighs]
♪♪
Hey. Jim.
Hmm?
Sam's a happy kid.
Every time I see him.
he's smiling.
[sighs]
Yeah. he likes you.
It's 'cause I bring him candy.
I'm not above bribery.
[chuckles softly]
♪♪
[footsteps approaching]
Here we go.
[suspenseful music]
Ma'am. sorry to bother you.
We didn't get a chance
to talk to you inside.
-Yeah. we're not talking now.
-You were on the phone.
Go away.
It's about a missing child.
I don't know anything.
Was there ever an employee
named Kyle Smit
working with you?
Did you have any interaction
with him at all?
Anything you can tell us?
You recognize her at all?
Maybe seen her around?
She goes by the name
Carrie Finch.
♪♪
Never seen her.
Yeah.
OK. get a BOLO out now and send
me the last known coordinates
and a list of all the hotels
and motels in the area.
Abandoned houses. too. Good man.
♪♪
Kyle Smit rented a 2019
white Toyota Camry a week ago.
Hasn't returned it.
GPS was disabled.
We got our car.
♪♪
Carrie Finch.
Where'd you come up
with that name. Josie?
Peter will be back soon.
He's putting up some flyers
with his sister.
One of us always stays
at the house in case.
Uh. you know.
It's funny how fast
you set up patterns.
Yeah.
Milo was really creative
with his colors.
Yeah.
Yeah. he wouldn't... [sighs]
He wouldn't
practice the alphabet
unless we got him new markers.
[chuckling] Mm-hmm.
His name is Kyle Smit.
[soft suspenseful music]
Is that name familiar
to you at all?
That name?
-No.
-No?
He was. uh. recently
released from prison
for a nonviolent offense.
Carrie visited Kyle
a week before he was released.
and that connects them
even before the marathon.
Uh...
what was he in... in prison for?
Possession with intent to sell.
A Schedule II substance.
Uh. OxyContin.
♪♪
So we now have two adults
working in tandem
to carry out a very complex
and risky crime.
two adults that would have
to be on the same page
about their motivation
to kidnap a very young child.
It doesn't appear
as though either of you
have a personal connection
with Kyle or Carrie.
which means that
it's highly likely
that the motivation
behind the crime is financial.
♪♪
Now. it can be a temptation
to handle a ransom demand
without coordinating
with the police.
but please believe me. that is
not the right course of action.
But we're not handling
anything on our own.
[kettle whistling]
[tense music]
[kettle whistling stops]
What's your son's name?
Sam.
I'm sorry.
I-I didn't mean for you
to hear him like that.
Oh. it's OK. It's all right.
How old is he?
He's 13.
He's got a few disabilities.
You know. he can't speak
or understand very much.
Do you have a picture?
Uh. you don't have to show me.
No. no. it's...
it's... it's fine.
It's fine.
[wind chimes jingling]
Oh. he's cute.
Thank you.
He looks happy.
You want to sit down?
Yeah.
[Jim sighs]
[Marissa sighs]
Do you worry about him?
Everyone worries
about their kids. right?
I mean. I haven't cornered
the market on that one.
Well. that's not how you feel.
Well. it's not.
You don't have to tell me
how you do feel.
It's none of my business.
But I know a rehearsed answer
when I hear one.
You do worry.
More than most.
Um...
Mrs. Irvine. is...
is there a chance that
your husband may have
received a ransom notification
and perhaps not told you?
No. no.
He wouldn't do that.
He wouldn't keep something
that big from me.
He likes to take care of people
and. uh...
[chuckles] You know.
takes charge on instinct a lot.
But no. not... not that.
Not with this.
Why do you think he likes
to take care of people so much?
Uh. I don't know.
I think he's just
always done it.
He's always been in charge
of his siblings.
Yeah. Peter said there was an
accident when they were kids.
Mm. yeah. He was ten.
Yeah.
Uh. Lia and Brian.
they were little.
Four and six. I think.
You know. they were playing and
she was overexcited and hyper
and Brian...
It was an accident. how he fell.
But I think that it's...
Lia has grown up with that
on her conscience.
And it's sort of shaped
who she is as a person.
I don't know.
We all have our own shit.
though. hey?
I worry about Sam getting sick.
Like cancer.
You know. he's having symptoms
and he can't tell us.
so we don't catch it
until it's too late.
[somber music]
I worry about when my wife
and I are gone and
Sam getting older in some
crappy public-funded home.
I worry about who's
gonna take care of him.
Are they gonna be nice to him?
And lately...
lately. I worry. uh...
♪♪
That maybe I'm sort of happy
that he doesn't understand
so much. you know. because if...
because if he did...
if he knew me better. then maybe
he wouldn't hug me
the way he does. you know?
♪♪
That's...
that's what I think of.
♪♪
I promised myself that. uh...
if Milo comes...
uh. when Milo comes back.
I will do whatever it takes
to make sure that nothing bad
ever happens to him again.
♪♪
[sniffles] Doesn't matter
what it is. I will do it.
♪♪
Because that's our job.
We'd do anything for our kids.
Anything.
♪♪
The address you were given
for Milo's playdate.
1800 Crescent Hollow Road?
Yeah.
[sniffles]
The woman who lives there...
-Esther.
She was Kyle Smit's foster mom.
What?
Uh. well. I... well.
I have to talk to her. then.
♪♪
One thing.
Esther was the only person
in Kyle's life
to ever be kind to him.
♪♪
And if Kyle is involved
in your son's kidnapping.
he knew you were gonna have
the worst day of your life.
and he sent you to the
most loving person he knew.
♪♪
That's not nothing.
-Hey. Jackson.
-Hey.
Hey.
Sam was such
a blessing today. really.
Oh. I'm glad to hear that.
We've been short-staffed all day
and a few of the other kids
were struggling a bit.
I was sure I was going to have
to call you or your wife.
But then Sam.
he came through for us.
Sam the man.
He's been over there
doing his puzzle
for the last two hours.
Two hours? Wow.
He is a sweet boy.
I love having him here with us.
Thank you. thank you.
Sam the man.
Hey. I heard you were
pretty great today.
Right.
Can I get a hug?
Oh!
One more hug. One more hug.
♪♪
[vocalizes] Yeah.
Here.
You know the deal. OK?
-No Mommy.
-Don't tell Mommy.
Yeah. It's nice.
Nice.
[peaceful music]
[vocalizes]
♪♪
Like that.
Thank you. Sammy.
♪♪
[humming softly]
Oh. are you? [laughter]
-How is it?
-Good.
Good?
♪♪
OK. spit.
[spits]
Now get out of here.
♪♪
[tense orchestral music]
[siren wailing]
♪♪
[lock beeps]
[indistinct chatter]
♪♪
[lock beeps]
[phone buzzing]
♪♪
Yeah?
You made the right call
releasing the picture
of that marathon man.
First we got his name.
now we've got
our biggest lead yet.
On my way.
[birds singing]
[tense music]
♪♪
So I wasn't sure if it was him
from the picture on the news.
but when you said what kind of
car you were looking for.
I went back
and checked out cameras.
[keyboard clicking]
That the guy you want?
♪♪
It is.
Did he come inside
to pay for anything?
Yeah. but we don't
have those tapes.
Rerecorded today. sorry.
What can you tell us about him?
Just that he bought
some mac and cheese.
Anything else?
No.
We're gonna need a copy of that.
What kind of mac and cheese?
Huh?
Well. there's the kind
that you make in a microwave
and the other. you need a stove.
♪♪
Which one did he buy?
A lot of shitty hotels
and motels have microwaves
either in the room
or at the front desk.
but none of them have stoves.
Kyle Smit bought mac and cheese
that had to be made on a stove.
They gotta have a house
around here somewhere.
Yeah. and it'd have to
be somewhere close to here.
They wouldn't risk
driving a long distance.
not just for some food.
[suspenseful music]
There's a bunch of little lake
house rentals right over there.
♪♪
This is the closest place
to buy groceries.
[wind whooshing]
Well. I mean. sure.
she's just about the same age
as the kidnapper.
But they don't look alike.
I don't think.
Her hair was darker and long.
and...
yeah. she was all done up
in makeup.
Is this her place?
Yeah.
I mean. I'll show if you like.
-Mm.
-But she's gone for sure.
So she checked out?
She didn't have to.
She paid in advance.
It's just in here.
[wind whooshing]
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
Granny?
Granny must be having a party.
I hope they are careful
with their cigarettes.
[cheering on TV]
Here it comes.
[tent pole cord clanging]
[indistinct chatter on TV]
♪♪
All: Granny!
-Come in!
Hi. Granny!
[indistinct chatter on TV]
[suspenseful music]
♪♪
Call forensics.
[siren whooping]
♪♪
[engine droning]
[phone chimes]
Hey. honey.
Sorry. this is taking a while.
I. uh...
-Have you checked your email?
Honey?
-No. no.
H-he got in.
Sam's got into St. Mark's.
-Oh. really?
-Really!
It's happened.
I don't know how it happened.
but it's happened.
and I can't...
I can't even.
I'm so happy! [laughs]
I feel so guilty.
All those other parents
will be devastated.
I mean. these are...
these are people we know.
[indistinct chatter on phone]
♪♪
Everybody deserves it
just as much as our Sam.
Oh. God. I feel horrible.
But I'm so relieved.
We found a body.
We're just the luckiest people.
Honey. uh. I'll call you back.
[exhales deeply]
[water burbling]
♪♪